we are doing hair cut contests are all
going to randomly cut one another's hair
it's up for you guys to decide from
getting the best haircut this is the one
idea that I've told everyone says that's
the stupidest thing you guys how did we
come up with this idea
oh it does look like a wavy strip
sometimes we've died since it's done I
hate that you can't even look at me
without bursting in laughs need to rinse
turn this tape some would say mission
accomplished
what are you doing to me there's got to
be there because I can't shave my head I
have this shoe horn I really enjoy days
but of course you're gonna go for bleach
blond first but let me take care of
these sides for you oh yeah Palala
tonight is my girlfriend's birthday
party you know that look when your
parents give you where they're not mad
they're disappointed yeah
it's so scary hearing the sound of a
beautiful year if I really have no idea
what I'm doing
look like a reverse cheetah crying that
likes peanut butter delicious
he's peanut butter jelly does I'm a
little nervous because I'm the only one
that actually has a real job you might
get fired for having like a swastika
carved into your hair it doesn't you may
remember a Seahawks linebacker from the
80s named Brian Bosworth who is famous
for sucking be an asshole and having
pretty a fantastically terrible hair
shaved side look the haircut that says
something my friend is an asshole
got the Greek philosopher it's gonna be
like a bottle that starts here just
picking arbitrary numbers no baby no I'm
a little worried about the low back from
his haircut fridge should I be at it out
of ten this might be repairable over
time I'm not really a pre man you've
heard of the bowl cut right well this is
sort of the like very service so much
thanks Annie can't believe is letting me
do this
it's a date to them
why is it on one side because you
wouldn't let me even it out I really
wanted to either shape the word sweet or
the word fresh or possibly the word feel
like that would are really giving this
haircut some symmetry how much do you
think it looks like a Chargers lightning
bolts are just waiting people how much
you think of it looks like a worm
somewhat like a work it just happy with
it so it's not as even as could be no I
suppose my scale of one to brian
bosworth how well do you feel like the
haircut worked out it was about three
and the brian bothers scale I'd say it's
more like about Drabek I'm not the
biggest fan of it you know awkward like
slow kid haircuts really like how it
turned out a little bit of the Thompson
Twins lock of seagulls in with the heck
I could not have come out looking any
better whatever anyone has looked at it
all day long it instantly busted out
into laughter I noticed that you're
wearing a hat hat guy
my girl is fucking terrible